Orca is a free, open source, flexible, and extensible screen reader
that provides access to the graphical desktop via user-customizable
combinations of speech, braille, and/or magnification.  Under
development by the Sun Microsystems, Inc., Accessibility Program
Office since 2004, Orca has been created with early input from and
continued engagement with its end users.

Orca works with applications and toolkits that support the assistive
technology service provider interface (AT-SPI), which is the primary
assistive technology infrastructure for the Solaris and Linux
operating environments.  Applications and toolkits supporting the
AT-SPI include the GNOME GTK+ toolkit, the Java platform's Swing
toolkit, OpenOffice, and Mozilla.  AT-SPI support for the KDE Qt
toolkit is currently being pursued.

See also http://live.gnome.org/Orca for detailed English and Spanish
information on Orca, including how to run Orca, how to communicate
with the Orca user community, and where to log bugs and feature
requests.

When you run Orca for the first time, you will be prompted for your
initial user preferences.  The first time you run Orca, you also need
to log out and log back in in order for accessibility to be enabled in
your environment.  If you wish to modify your Orca preferences in the
future, you can press "Insert+space" while Orca is running, or you can
re-run orca with the "--setup" command line option.

You can bypass the Orca setup utility by running orca with the
"--no-setup" option.  This is useful for running from environments
such as the login screen.

In general, you should not have to use any Orca-specific keystrokes;
Orca will follow your focus as you navigate the screen using the
built-in keyboard navigation mechanisms of the GNOME desktop.  For
more information on accessing the desktop, including the built-in
keyboard shortcuts of the GNOME desktop, see the GNOME Desktop
Accessibility Guide:

